* **algorithm**: A general process for solving a category of problems.

* **argument**: A value provided to a function when the function is called. This value is assigned to the corresponding parameter in the function.

* **body**: The sequence of statements inside a function definition.

* **composition**: Using an expression as part of a larger expression, or a statement as part of a larger statement.

* **deterministic**: Pertaining to a program that does the same thing each time it runs, given the same inputs.

* **dot notation**: The syntax for calling a function in another module by specifying the module name followed by a dot (period) and the function name.

* **flow of execution**: The order in which statements are executed during a program run.

* **fruitful function**: A function that returns a value.

* **function**: A named sequence of statements that performs some useful operation. Functions may or may not take arguments and may or may not produce a result.

* **function call**: A statement that executes a function. It consists of the function name followed by an argument list.

* **function definition**: A statement that creates a new function, specifying its name, parameters, and the statements it executes.

* **function object**: A value created by a function definition. The name of the function is a variable that refers to a function object.

* **header**: The first line of a function definition.

* **import statement**: A statement that reads a module file and creates a module object.

* **module object**: A value created by an import statement that provides access to the data and code defined in a module.

* **parameter**: A name used inside a function to refer to the value passed as an argument.

* **pseudorandom**: Pertaining to a sequence of numbers that appear to be random, but are generated by a deterministic program.

* **return value**: The result of a function. If a function call is used as an expression, the return value is the value of the expression.

* **void function**: A function that does not return a value.